m
decorative or now offers a
varnish which gives a crackle effect that
here being of components an under layer
hanging and varnish itself he
can be used on both wood and
paper plaster an old layer
painting or even faience
porcelain stoneware or earth
the surface to be decorated must be
dust free from traces of grease
or wax a tale wise woman will be the
guaranteeing a good grip of your
painting you will now pass
a layer of colorless primer
after half an hour of drying the
product will become transparent it must
to be still sticky when you go
to pass the varnish know that this varnish
can be stained with paint
stencil singepie hero or dye
universal the cracks will start
to appear 30 minutes later
about
if you want cracks
important apply a thick layer
of cracked varnish you can also
give an old side a furniture or a
object using crackle varnish
colorless and ending with patina
for painted furniture
the cracked and transparent varnish but
nothing prevents you from tinting it thanks
to a universal dye or the
stencilling chantepie tunes
for this little piece of furniture I used the
cracked varnish and stencil painting
red